Believe it or not, this is all
Warm I tell you
I confess that you saved me
Blocked the way for me
I should thank you
It's you who shouldn't
I shouldn't have put my mind on my mother
I don't have it.
Mr. Law, your phone is ringing
cautious
I saw a tie when I was shopping
It suits you.
It's up to you.
I'll tell you what.
No matter what you have in mind
If you focus your attention on me now
I will definitely make you disappear from sadness completely
Don't worry, Mr. Luo
There will be no flaws. Go away.
Did you see it? I didn't lie to you, did I?
Warm, I have let you meet your mother today.
I hope you do what you say
What do you want me to do?
Mom, doesn't he like to hang men the most?
Then let him go to Wanshan Entertainment Center
Multi-plate props
The place has the most men
Do you hear me?
As long as you are obedient
I promise your mom is fine